---
layout: post
title: a lil introduction
date: 2021-05-25
categories: [Updates]
---
hiiii !!! this is mimmy n this is my first official blogpost !!! tysm for
visiting, i hope u enjoy !!! love ♡♡♡

### big dreams

so among the things i hav dreams for are... well i wanna write my own songs
and be a lil singer. there is so much abt music i wan learn liiiike... ♡
i wanna learn how to compose jazz n play guitar. i wanna be able to use
synths proficiently !!! i have never used an irl synth so.... can't w8 4 that ♡!

i also jus wanna. be comfy. my biggest dream is to be comfy n live in a world
of my own making n creation w my partner. i wanna express myself fully.
i wanna dress how i wanna and make art like how i wanna and be comfy
and be me so liiiike... ♡ that means i need to make some money and my dream
is to make money from doing what i love. that is the ultimate goal !!! ♡
i want to live off of my work.

i also want to meet lovely people who think like me. sometimes... it is lonely,
not knowing many people who... think like you and have similar dreams
and fantasies and wonders and fancies as you do. sometimes it is like i cannot
get my brain out to show people what is in there !!! and how i wanna feel !!!
so i am stuck in a rut of not knowing how to explain how i feel and thus
not getting the things i need !!! i hope this blog and creating and being
a lil singer n artist n everything helps me express those needs that are so
difficult to articulate.

### posting schedule

i will try to post a few times a week. m a lil overwhelmed a lot so... i cannot
make complete promises. i do not wanna get into it all but things are rough
rn, as i am writing this post !!! and my brain is struggling to juggle it all.
i do work on youtube as well on magazines, when i have the ability to, n i have
several projects that are half-done or on the backburner. this is certainly
smth i wan commit 2 tho. n m making the decision to focus more on my music
now than my games n stuffs ♡

### what i will post

i will post my music, things tht are rlly happy tht have happened, revelations
i hav made, abt cute stuff n stuff i like, abt things m learning abt, like
crocheting or crystals or music theory... ♡ n stuff abt me !! maybe even recipes,
freebies n drawings !! tht is my plan c:

### comments

my blog will have a comment system, it just takes a couple days to set up
as i have just attached my site to a new domain !! ♡ a lil bit of yanno internet
and programmin stuff so. it jus may take a bit !! ♡♡♡ when it is up i await
your lovely comments !! :D ♡

### sidenote for business

if you are my mutual on instagram and own a business or do art, music, or
anything like that, i am more than happy to give you a free review or promo.
i will write a post promoting you and showing your products OR i will purchase
an item if i can afford to at that moment and give you a review on your work.
if you do not sell products, but rather have publications, artwork, music, or
otherwise, i would love to write a review on your work if you ask me to !!! ♡

again, this is only for mutuals on instagram / established friendships !! ♡ c:

### conclusion

this is smth i hav been wanting to do for awhile so m so glad for all of u to
be apart of this with me. everyone who has ever supported me in anyway...
u cannot understand my immense appreciation. i may put in work, but all of u
are another important factor of helping my dreams come true n m always thankful,
n if u ever need anything.. comment or email me at mimmytunes@gmail.com. or dm
on insta @ mimkitten !!

♡ mimmy lovejoy 
